Feat: Readme Updates (#808)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.coop: README.md

![Banner](Documentation/Images/Banner.png)
<br><br>

# Boss Room: a Co-op, Multiplayer RPG Sample
###  Made with and Including Utilities for Netcode for GameObjects
<br>

> [![UnityVersion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity%20Version:-2021.3%20LTS-57b9d3.svg?logo=unity&color=2196F3)](https://unity.com/releases/editor/qa/lts-releases#:~:text=February%2014%2C%202023-,LTS%20Release,2021.3.18f1,-Released%3A%20February)

Reviewer: Boss Room is still on 2021.3.15, so the readme should point to that version for the time being.

<br><br>
  
-----

## Readme Contents and Quick Links
<!-- TOC generated from https://luciopaiva.com/markdown-toc/ -->
<details open>
<summary> <b>Click to expand/collapse contents</b> </summary>

- ### [Getting the project](#getting-the-project)
  - [Direct download](#direct-download)
  - [Installing Git LFS to clone locally](#installing-git-lfs-to-clone-locally)
- ### [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Min Spec Devices](#boss-rooms-min-spec-devices-are)
- ### [Opening the project for the first time](#opening-the-project-for-the-first-time) >
- ### [Exploring the project](#exploring-the-project)
  - [Registering with Unity Gaming Services (UGS)](#registering-the-project-with-unity-gaming-services-ugs)
- ### [Testing multiplayer](#testing-multiplayer) 
  - [Local Multiplayer Setup](#local-multiplayer-setup)
  - [Multiplayer over Internet](#multiplayer-over-internet)
  - [Relay Setup](#relay-setup) 
- ### [Index of resources in this project](#index-of-resources-in-this-project)
  - [Gameplay](#gameplay)
  - [Game Flow](#game-flow)
  - [Connectivity](#connectivity)
  - [Services (Lobby, Relay, etc)](#services-lobby-relay-etc)
  - [Tools and Utilities](#tools-and-utilities)

> - ### [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

Reviewer: I was testing the header links and some of them don't direct to the right spot in the readme. This line is one example.

  - [Bite-size Samples](#bite-size-samples)
</details>

------
<br>

## Getting the project
### Direct download
 - You can download the latest version of Boss Room from our [Releases](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.coop/releases) page. 
 - __Alternatively:__ click the green `Code` button and then select the 'Download Zip' option.  Please note that this will download the branch that you are currently viewing on Github.  
 - __Windows users:__ Using Windows' built-in extraction tool may generate an "Error 0x80010135: Path too long" error window which can invalidate the extraction process. A workaround for this is to shorten the zip file to a single character (eg. "c.zip") and move it to the shortest path on your computer (most often right at C:\\) and retry. If that solution fails, another workaround is to extract the downloaded zip file using [7zip](https://www.7-zip.org/).
<br><br>

## Requirements

BossRoom is compatible with the latest Unity Long Term Support (LTS) editor version, currently [2021 LTS](https://unity.com/releases/2021-lts). Please include standalone support for Windows/Mac in your installation.

> **PLEASE NOTE:** You will also need Netcode for Game Objects to use these samples. Complete the [Hello World Getting Started](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/tutorials/helloworld) to prepare your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**PLEASE NOTE:** You will also need Netcode for Game Objects to use these samples. Complete the [Hello World tutorial](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/tutorials/helloworld) to prepare your environment.
```
